## Creating a new account

There are several ways to authenticate to Phabricator. You can register directly through the website or you can just link an existing account from other services like `google`, `github` or `facebook`.

NOTE: Currently you can NOT use your [Let's Build a Game](https://letsbuildagame.org) account to login; you have to create a new one on Phabricator.

### Create Phabricator account

To register a new account with Phabricator, just click on [`Register New Account`](https://dev.hackerexperience.com/auth/register/).

{F2937, size=full, layout=center}

Now on the registration form, fill the fields with the required data:
- `Phabricator Username` - Desired username to login
- `Real Name` - Your complete name
- `Password` and `Confirm Password` - Desired password (minimum of 8 characters)
- `Email` - Email to send the confirmation code

After solving the //captcha//, click on `Register Phabricator account` to finish your account setup.

{F2939, size=full, layout=center}

After this, check the registered email and click the confirmation link received.

## Account settings

With the account created and logged in, we still need to configure some options. To do this, click on the tool icon located in the upper-left corner.

{F2946, size=full, layout=center}

### VCS password

We need to create a separate password to use when accessing repositories. This is for security reasons. You don't have to setup this password if you are not going to submit code/patches for review.

In the left menu, at `Authentication` session, click on `VCS Password`.

{F2936, size=full, layout=center}

On the `New VCS Password` and `Confirm VCS Password` fields, fill with the desired password or use the one generated by Phabricator.

### SSH Keys

(NOTE) SSH Keys are harder to set-up but they provide more security over the `http` option and you don't need to fill your password every time you submit changes for review.

In order to authenticate using `ssh` instead of `http` when cloning the repository, [generate a SSH key](https://help.github.com/articles/generating-a-new-ssh-key-and-adding-it-to-the-ssh-agent/) if you don't have one already and then click on `Upload public key`.

Give your public-key a name to help identifying it and copy into the `Public Key` field.

### Notification settings

Phabricator is quite verbose, and will send emails whenever an item you are subscribed to gets modified. We highly recommend you to follow the action below.

The `Self Actions` field has a default option `Send me email when I take an action`, change it to `Do not send me an email when I take an action`.

{F2938, size=full, layout=center}

NOTE: All mail sent by Phabricator will come from the `dev+phab@hackerexperience.com` address. We recommend you to move emails from this address to a custom folder.

You can disable ALL mail sent to you by selecting the `Never send email notifications` option on the `Email Notifications` setting.
